CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in helping out with this project.

Two very straighforward ways of getting involved are:

* Issues
    * looking at [issues raised](https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/issues) and trying to advise users looking for help, or encouraging them to obtain useful diagnostics
* Documentation
    * increasing the detail, accuracy or readability in our [documentation wiki](https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/wiki)

If you want to take things further you can get involved with code, 
either to deal with issues raised or to develop new features. 

## Development

As you will use a fork for your development we encourage you to 
familiarise yourself with the [Github guide to working with forks](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/working-with-forks).
    
All development work should be done from the **dev** branch. 
Please ensure you understand [the branching model we follow](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/).

Both of the above-linked guides also include command examples for you 
to work on your local project repository. 

Please raise an issue if you want further guidance on developing new features or fixing issues.

Once you have completed your development and testing on your changes, 
then please raise a Pull Request for us to be able to merge in your work.

Commit message:

Contributions should merge into dev

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in helping out with this project.

Two very straighforward ways of getting involved are:

* Issues
    * looking at [issues raised](https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/issues) and trying to advise users looking for help, or encouraging them to obtain useful diagnostics
* Documentation
    * increasing the detail, accuracy or readability in our [documentation wiki](https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/wiki)

If you want to take things further you can get involved with code, 
either to deal with issues raised or to develop new features. 

## Development

As you will use a fork for your development we encourage you to 
familiarise yourself with the [Github guide to working with forks](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/working-with-forks).
    
All development work should be done on branches created from the **dev** branch. 
Please ensure you understand [the branching model we follow](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/).

Both of the above-linked guides also include command examples for you 
to work on your local project repository. 

Please raise an issue if you want further guidance on developing new features or fixing issues.

Once you have completed your development and testing on your changes, 
then please raise a Pull Request for us to be able to merge in your work. They should be merged into the **dev** branch.
