README.rst, before:

Introduction
============

This software is a Custom Component to integrate Warmup devices into `Home Assistant <https://www.home-assistant.io/>`_.

`Warmup <https://www.warmup.co.uk/>`_ manufacture underfloor heating 
and control systems and their wifi-enabled home thermostat, `warmup 4IE <https://www.warmup.co.uk/thermostats/smart/4ie-underfloor-heating>`_, 
has an API. This software enables communication via this API, 
and allows Home Assistant to read and control the device (currently just this one model). 

For instructions on how to **install** this component please keep reading below.

There is more detailed documentation on the API and the information returned from the device on the `documentation wiki <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/wiki>`_. 
If you have issues using this software then please check our `Issue list <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/issues>`_ and if someone else has not already, then do raise a new issue. 
If you wish you become more involved with the project then please see our `guide to contributing <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_. 

History
-------

This code is derived from some great work by `@alex0103 <https://github.com/alex-0103>`_ to create a `Home Assistant Custom Component and Python Package <https://github.com/alex-0103/warmup4IE>`_. This has been improved by a number of coders, notably `@foxy82 <https://github.com/foxy82/warmup4IE>`_ and the code was origianlly inspired by `@alyc100 <https://github.com/alyc100>`_'s project for SmartThingsHub `here <https://github.com/alyc100/SmartThingsPublic/blob/master/devicetypes/alyc100/warmup-4ie.src/warmup-4ie.groovy>`_. Many Thanks to all the contributors who helped us get here.! 

Warmup Plc was not involved in the creation of this
software and has not sanctioned or endorsed it in any way.
4IE is a registered trademark of Warmup Plc.

License
-------

This software is available under Apache license. Please see LICENSE.txt.


Usage
=====
The library is primary intended to interface the 4IE with home assistant, but may also be used standalone.

Home Assistant
---------------

To setup this component, you need to register to warmup first.
see https://my.warmup.com/login

Then copy the contents of the `warmup` subfolder into custom_components 
in your HA **config** folder, e.g.:

.. code-block:: sh

  cd path/to/your/config

  git clone https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup.git /tmp/warmup

  # remove any previous version
  rm -r ./custom_components/warmup 2>/dev/null
  mkdir -p ./custom_components/warmup
  cp -r /tmp/warmup/warmup_cc/* ./custom_components/warmup
  # clean up
  rm -rf /tmp/warmup/


NB: Previous versions of these instructions stated to use `warmup_cc`
however this is now simply `warmup`


Then add to your
configuration.yaml:

.. code-block:: yaml

  climate:
    - platform: warmup
      username: YOUR_E_MAIL_ADDRESS
      password: YOUR_PASSWORD

* **username** (required): the username used to login to the warmup web site
* **password** (required): the password used to login to the warmup web site; may be moved to the secrets.yaml file. See `secrets <https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/secrets/>`_

After restarting home assistant, the component will be loaded automatically.

Our wiki has some `ideas on how to configure warmup devices <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/wiki/Configuration-ideas>`_ in your Home Assistant instance.

Standalone
----------
You may install the library via pip using

>>> pip install warmup4ie

After that, import the library, and away we go.

    >>> import warmup4ie
    >>> warmup = warmup4ie.Warmup4IE('<e-mail>', '<password>',
    >>> warmup.get_all_devices()
    >>> device = warmup.get_device_by_name("Underfloor")
    >>> device.get_current_temperature()


Status
======

Device Versions
---------------

Supported models:

- 4IE

This is currently the only model that developers and testers have available to work on.

Supported Features
------------------

At the moment the library supports reading current temperature, target temperature plus other values from the thermostat
and setting the target temperature, switching between manual, automatic and frost protection mode, switching the device off.
and setting a temporary override.

For further information on versions please see the `CHANGELOG <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md>`_

Commit message:

Update README.rst with change of folder name to remove _cc

README.rst, after:

Introduction
============

This software is a Custom Component to integrate Warmup devices into `Home Assistant <https://www.home-assistant.io/>`_.

`Warmup <https://www.warmup.co.uk/>`_ manufacture underfloor heating 
and control systems and their wifi-enabled home thermostat, `warmup 4IE <https://www.warmup.co.uk/thermostats/smart/4ie-underfloor-heating>`_, 
has an API. This software enables communication via this API, 
and allows Home Assistant to read and control the device (currently just this one model). 

For instructions on how to **install** this component please keep reading below.

There is more detailed documentation on the API and the information returned from the device on the `documentation wiki <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/wiki>`_. 
If you have issues using this software then please check our `Issue list <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/issues>`_ and if someone else has not already, then do raise a new issue. 
If you wish you become more involved with the project then please see our `guide to contributing <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_. 

History
-------

This code is derived from some great work by `@alex0103 <https://github.com/alex-0103>`_ to create a `Home Assistant Custom Component and Python Package <https://github.com/alex-0103/warmup4IE>`_. This has been improved by a number of coders, notably `@foxy82 <https://github.com/foxy82/warmup4IE>`_ and the code was origianlly inspired by `@alyc100 <https://github.com/alyc100>`_'s project for SmartThingsHub `here <https://github.com/alyc100/SmartThingsPublic/blob/master/devicetypes/alyc100/warmup-4ie.src/warmup-4ie.groovy>`_. Many Thanks to all the contributors who helped us get here.! 

Warmup Plc was not involved in the creation of this
software and has not sanctioned or endorsed it in any way.
4IE is a registered trademark of Warmup Plc.

License
-------

This software is available under Apache license. Please see LICENSE.txt.


Usage
=====
The library is primary intended to interface the 4IE with home assistant, but may also be used standalone.

Home Assistant
---------------

To setup this component, you need to register to warmup first.
see https://my.warmup.com/login

Then copy the contents of the `warmup` subfolder into custom_components 
in your HA **config** folder, e.g.:

.. code-block:: sh

  cd path/to/your/config

  git clone https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup.git /tmp/warmup

  # remove any previous version
  rm -r ./custom_components/warmup 2>/dev/null
  mkdir -p ./custom_components/warmup
  cp -r /tmp/warmup/warmup/* ./custom_components/warmup
  # clean up
  rm -rf /tmp/warmup/


NB: the component folder has been renamed from `warmup_cc` 
to simply `warmup`, in line with recommendations from the HA project.


Then add to your
configuration.yaml:

.. code-block:: yaml

  climate:
    - platform: warmup
      username: YOUR_E_MAIL_ADDRESS
      password: YOUR_PASSWORD

* **username** (required): the username used to login to the warmup web site
* **password** (required): the password used to login to the warmup web site; may be moved to the secrets.yaml file. See `secrets <https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/secrets/>`_

After restarting home assistant, the component will be loaded automatically.

Our wiki has some `ideas on how to configure warmup devices <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/wiki/Configuration-ideas>`_ in your Home Assistant instance.

Standalone
----------
You may install the library via pip using

>>> pip install warmup4ie

After that, import the library, and away we go.

    >>> import warmup4ie
    >>> warmup = warmup4ie.Warmup4IE('<e-mail>', '<password>',
    >>> warmup.get_all_devices()
    >>> device = warmup.get_device_by_name("Underfloor")
    >>> device.get_current_temperature()


Status
======

Device Versions
---------------

Supported models:

- 4IE

This is currently the only model that developers and testers have available to work on.

Supported Features
------------------

At the moment the library supports reading current temperature, target temperature plus other values from the thermostat
and setting the target temperature, switching between manual, automatic and frost protection mode, switching the device off.
and setting a temporary override.

For further information on versions please see the `CHANGELOG <https://github.com/ha-warmup/warmup/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md>`_
