warmup4ie-PyPi/README.rst, before:

Introduction
============

This is a library for communicating with a wifi-enabled home thermostat made by
`Warmup <https://www.warmup.co.uk/>`_. At the time of writing, this only 
includes the `warmup 4IE <https://www.warmup.co.uk/thermostats/smart/4ie-underfloor-heating>`_.

This code is inspired by a project for SmartThingsHub, see `here <https://github.com/alyc100/SmartThingsPublic/blob/master/devicetypes/alyc100/warmup-4ie.src/warmup-4ie.groovy>`_. Many Thanks to alyc100 for the great work!

Warmup Plc was not involved in the creation of this
software and has not sanctioned or endorsed it in any way.

License
=======

This software is available under Apache license. Please see LICENSE.txt.


Usage
=====
The library is primary intended to interface the 4IE with home assistant, but may also be used standalone.

Home Assistant
---------------
To setup this component, you need to register to warmup first.
see https://my.warmup.com/login

Then copy the folder `warmup_cc <https://github.com/alex-0103/warmup4IE/blob/master/warmup_cc>`_ to your "*custom_components*" folder in your "*config*" dir.

Then add to your
configuration.yaml:

.. code-block:: yaml

  climate:
    - platform: warmup_cc
      name: YOUR_DESCRIPTION
      username: YOUR_E_MAIL_ADDRESS
      password: YOUR_PASSWORD
      location: YOUR_LOCATION_NAME
      room: YOUR_ROOM_NAME

* **name** (optional): the description of the device, as seen by the user in the front end
* **username** (required): the username used to login to the warmup web site
* **password** (required): the password used to login to the warmup web site; may be moved to the secrets.yaml file. See `secrets <https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/secrets/>`_
* **location** (required): the location name used in the warmup web site
* **room** (required): the room name of the device used in the warmup web site

After restarting home assistant, the component will be loaded automatically.

Standalone
----------
You may install the library via pip using

>>> pip install warmup4ie

After that, import the library, and away we go.

    >>> import warmup4ie
    >>> device = warmup4ie.Warmup4IEDevice('<e-mail>', '<password>', 
    '<location>', '<room>', <inital target temp>)
    >>> device.get_current_temmperature()
    {'raw': 21.0}

Device Versions
---------------

Supported models:

- 4IE

Since I only have access to the 4IE, that is the model that the development 
has occured with. 

Supported Features
------------------

At the moment the library supports reading current temperature and setting the target temperature, switching between manual, automatic and frost protection mode, and switching the device off.

Release Notes
=============

0.1.0
-----

- inital release

0.1.1
-----

- bug fixes

0.1.2
-----

- bug fixes

0.1.3
-----

- changed http-request to use the new api.
- adapted file names to comply with the new naming structure of HA introduced with 0.92

0.1.4
-----

- added functionality to allow configuration of Warmup4IE thermostat via HA UI Config entry.

0.1.5
-----

- added getter methods for location, location id, room name, room id and serial number

Commit message:

Update warmup so we only need one call if multiple thermostats in a location. Also added set override method

warmup4ie-PyPi/README.rst, after:

Introduction
============

This is a library for communicating with a wifi-enabled home thermostat made by
`Warmup <https://www.warmup.co.uk/>`_. At the time of writing, this only 
includes the `warmup 4IE <https://www.warmup.co.uk/thermostats/smart/4ie-underfloor-heating>`_.

This code is inspired by a project for SmartThingsHub, see `here <https://github.com/alyc100/SmartThingsPublic/blob/master/devicetypes/alyc100/warmup-4ie.src/warmup-4ie.groovy>`_. Many Thanks to alyc100 for the great work!

Warmup Plc was not involved in the creation of this
software and has not sanctioned or endorsed it in any way.

License
=======

This software is available under Apache license. Please see LICENSE.txt.


Usage
=====
The library is primary intended to interface the 4IE with home assistant, but may also be used standalone.

Home Assistant
---------------
To setup this component, you need to register to warmup first.
see https://my.warmup.com/login

Then copy the folder `warmup_cc <https://github.com/alex-0103/warmup4IE/blob/master/warmup_cc>`_ to your "*custom_components*" folder in your "*config*" dir.

Then add to your
configuration.yaml:

.. code-block:: yaml

  climate:
    - platform: warmup_cc
      name: YOUR_DESCRIPTION
      username: YOUR_E_MAIL_ADDRESS
      password: YOUR_PASSWORD
      location: YOUR_LOCATION_NAME
      room: YOUR_ROOM_NAME

* **name** (optional): the description of the device, as seen by the user in the front end
* **username** (required): the username used to login to the warmup web site
* **password** (required): the password used to login to the warmup web site; may be moved to the secrets.yaml file. See `secrets <https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/configuration/secrets/>`_
* **location** (required): the location name used in the warmup web site
* **room** (required): the room name of the device used in the warmup web site

After restarting home assistant, the component will be loaded automatically.

Standalone
----------
You may install the library via pip using

>>> pip install warmup4ie

After that, import the library, and away we go.

    >>> import warmup4ie
    >>> warmup = warmup4ie.Warmup4IE('<e-mail>', '<password>',
    >>> warmup.get_all_devices()
    >>> device = warmup.get_device_by_name("Underfloor")
    >>> device.get_current_temperature()

Device Versions
---------------

Supported models:

- 4IE

Since I only have access to the 4IE, that is the model that the development 
has occured with. 

Supported Features
------------------

At the moment the library supports reading current temperature, target temperature plus other values from the thermostat
and setting the target temperature, switching between manual, automatic and frost protection mode, switching the device off.
and setting a temporary override.

Release Notes
=============

0.1.0
-----

- inital release

0.1.1
-----

- bug fixes

0.1.2
-----

- bug fixes

0.1.3
-----

- changed http-request to use the new api.
- adapted file names to comply with the new naming structure of HA introduced with 0.92

0.1.4
-----

- added functionality to allow configuration of Warmup4IE thermostat via HA UI Config entry.

0.1.5
-----

- added getter methods for location, location id, room name, room id and serial number

0.1.6
-----

- Changed so that multiple devices are updated in a single HTTP request
- Added Set Override method
- Added access to the following information from the thermostat
    - target_temperature_low
    - target_temperature_high
    - floor_temperature
    - floor_temperature_2
    - air_temperature
    - away_temperature
    - comfort_temperature
    - cost
    - energy
    - fixed_temperature
    - override_temperature
    - override_duration
    - sleep_temperature
    - override_duration_mins
